{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red148\green148\blue148;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c64706\c64706\c64706;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84706;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
As you travel towards space from earth, the first\'a0atmospheric border you encounter is the Tropopause. This layer is the boundary between\'a0the Troposphere and Stratosphere. The closer you inspect\'a0the atmospheric border,\'a0the further away it seems\'a0from the\'a0physical and\'a0visible\'a0border\'a0we expect to see.\AppleTypeServices \'a0\

\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 The borders between atmospheric layers signify changes in the gradients of particulate matter. They do not mark, as diagrams and language illustrate and communicate, a distinguishable, binary division between atmospheric layers.\'a0By using words such as \'91borders\'92, \'91boundaries\'92 and \'91layers\'92\'a0to define these invisible, physical gradients and phenomena, we as humans are let down by our lexicon.\AppleTypeServices \'a0\

\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 Language leads us to comprehend a binary notion of borders.\'a0Binary opposition is the means by which units of language have value or meaning; each unit is defined in reciprocal determination with another term, as in a binary code\'a0- on, off, up, down, in, out etc. Human\'a0frames of reference are determined by the framework of language and the structures that lie behind it. As a result, our minds are not trained to view the word, and consequently the entities of borders in a non-binary, indistinguishable way.\AppleTypeServices \'a0\

\f1\fs24 \cb1 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb3 Borders start with language. They start with\'a0us.\AppleTypeServices \'a0\
\
\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 This below poem explores these phenomena.}